This world would like to make me lonely,
but I got my friends with me.
We’re trying hard to help
others find friends eternally.
When I would worry about me,
oh, this world would bring me down.
I’m feeling better
lifting others off the ground.
Look what I’ve found.
I want to know what I can do;
I want to give what I can give.
That is the best feeling ever.
I know this’ll last forever.
I’m where I want to be.
This is the best life ever.
So many good things yet to be done
with these two hands of mine.
I’ll take some love and build us a bridge—
connects your heart to mine.
When I would worry about me,
oh, this world would bring me down.
I’m feeling better
lifting others off the ground.
Look what I’ve found.
I want to know what I can do;
I want to give what I can give.
That is the best feeling ever.
I know this’ll last forever.
It’s better than a dream.
This is the best life.
I’m not afraid,
come what may.
This kind of life gets better ev’ry day—
ev’ry day, ev’ry way.
I want to live for more than me;
I want to give ’til I feel free.
That is the best feeling ever.
I know this’ll last forever.
Come with me; you’ll see.
This is the best life ever.